=head1 NAME

RackMan - Perl modules for connecting to a RackTables database


=head1 DESCRIPTION

RackMan is a set of Perl modules for fetching information from a
RackTables database. The distribution also includes some commands
that show how to use the RackMan API.

=over

=item *
rack is a program that generates the configuration files for the
given RackObject, and talk with the corresponding devices to set
them up accordingly.

=item *
cisco-status is a program that connects to a Cisco switch to list
the devices connected to it, with additionnal information resolved
from RackTables.

=item *
cfengine-tags is a program that generates tag files for Cfengine.

=back

A technical presentation of this software was made at the French
Perl Workshop 2012: L<http://maddingue.org/conferences/fpw-2012/rackman/>

Note: This software was written to perform very specific tasks.
Although it was tried to keep it generic, it certainly isn't, and
the documentation is very rough. There's a more comprehensive
tutorial (only in French for now) in pod/RackMan/Manual.fr.pod


=head1 INSTALLATION

To install this module, run the following commands:

    perl Makefile.PL
    make
    make test
    make install

Alternatively, to install with Module::Build, you can use the 
following commands:

    perl Build.PL
    ./Build
    ./Build test
    ./Build install


=head1 SUPPORT AND DOCUMENTATION

After installing, you can find documentation for this module with 
the perldoc command.


=head1 LICENSE

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License version 3 or
later: L<http://www.fsf.org/licensing/licenses/gpl.txt>


=head1 AUTHOR

Sebastien Aperghis-Tramoni (sebastien@aperghis.net)

